README.md, before:

# CS157A Team 4
Developed the user login mechanism that authenticates users by scanning the DB and comparing the entered and saved passwords. The administrator portal is almost complete. It allows the creation and deletion of users. It allows the creation and deletion of courses. The web portion of the login page is finished and the administrator portal is mostly done. Web portion is in JSP files, web input processing is done by serverlets in Java files, and DB logic is in Java files. More than 1/3 of the functional requirements are developed as the admin portal is pretty much finished. Functional requirements of other users such as students and instructors are mostly developed and already defined. 

Currently building smaller Java files. These files will be combined with jsp files to provide a proper server that allows database connections. Each type of user will have a portal approproate to their type in which they will be able to do specific actions. A loging mechanism will authenticate users and redirect them to their respective portals. The classes Users and Courses are near completion and will be used by other classes.

Commit message:

Added Documentation and SQL Export folders

README.md, after:

# CS157A Team4

All team members had committed to this repository. The code was initially unorganized. When this repository was synced with eclipse and then organized into folders, GitHub lost track of all changes, edits, and contributor names. I wanted to clarify that all team members have done their part of contributing to the project, even if their names and contribution may not appear on GitHub. I have discussed this with Professor Wu in class and he said that it's ok. 

Developed the user login mechanism that authenticates users by scanning the DB and comparing the entered and saved passwords. The administrator portal is almost complete. It allows the creation and deletion of users. It allows the creation and deletion of courses. The web portion of the login page is finished and the administrator portal is mostly done. Web portion is in JSP files, web input processing is done by serverlets in Java files, and DB logic is in Java files. More than 1/3 of the functional requirements are developed as the admin portal is pretty much finished. Functional requirements of other users such as students and instructors are mostly developed and already defined.
Currently building smaller Java files. These files will be combined with jsp files to provide a proper server that allows database connections. Each type of user will have a portal approproate to their type in which they will be able to do specific actions. A loging mechanism will authenticate users and redirect them to their respective portals. The classes Users and Courses are near completion and will be used by other classes.
